OSS Get started update (addresses #2124 ) (#2642)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/get-started.md

---
title: Get started with InfluxDB
description: >
  Start collecting, processing, and visualizing data in InfluxDB OSS.
menu:
  influxdb_2_0:
    name: Get started
weight: 2
influxdb/v2.0/tags: [get-started]
aliases:
  - /influxdb/v2.0/introduction/get-started/
---

> After you've [signed up for InfluxDB OSS](/influxdb/v2.0/sign-up/), you're ready to start writing, querying, and visualizing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've [installed InfluxDB OSS](/influxdb/v2.0/install/), you're ready to get started. Explore the following ways to work with your data:

- [Collect and write data](/influxdb/v2.0/get-started/#collect-and-write-data)
- [Query data](#query-data)
- [Process data](#process-data)
- [Visualize data](#visualize-data)
- [Monitor and alert](#monitor-and-alert)
```
